What's New 94 (#1424)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2021/09/devtools.md

ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: microsoft edge, web development, f12 tools, devtools
---
# What's New In DevTools (Microsoft Edge 94)

[!INCLUDE [note about What's New announcements from the Microsoft Edge DevTools team](../../includes/edge-whats-new-note.md)]

## Look up error messages on the web from the Console

<!-- Title: Quickly debug console errors with our new integrated search feature -->
<!-- Subtitle: Now you can quickly search for console errors directly from the Console. -->

Search the web for your **Console** error strings, from within DevTools.  In the **Console**, an error message now has a **Search for this message on the Web** button, shown as a magnifying glass.  When you select the **Search for this message on the Web** button, a new tab opens in the browser and shows search results for the error string.

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/search-console-icon.msft.png" alt-text="The 'Search for this message on the Web' button on an error message in the **Console**" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/search-console-icon.msft.png":::
   The **Search for this message on the Web** button on an error message in the **Console**
:::image-end:::

> For more information, navigate to [Look up error messages on the web from the Console][LookupErrorsWebFromConsole].

Author: todo: revise [PR 1430](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/1430), merge it to master, merge master into the present PR, link to the new subsection of the article.

For more information, navigate to [Look up error messages on the web from the Console][LookupErrorsWebFromConsole].

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/search-console-icon.msft.png" alt-text="The 'Search for this message on the Web' button on an error message in the **Console**" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/search-console-icon.msft.png":::
   The **Search for this message on the Web** button on an error message in the **Console**
:::image-end:::

## DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code includes the latest tools, theme support, and helpful links

<!-- Title: Edge DevTools for VS Code now supports themes and uses the most recent codebase -->
<!-- Subtitle: The Edge DevTools extension for VS Code now uses the same version of the Developer Tools as your Microsoft Edge browser. We also added ways to learn more and for you to tell us what we could do better from within Visual Studio Code. -->

> In this release of the Microsoft Edge DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code, we released the following updates or new features.

Reviewer: Seems weird to say "in this release... we released".
```suggestion
In the latest version of the Microsoft Edge DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code, we released the following updates or new features.
```
@codepo8, do we know the version number of the extension that we'll be releasing for Edge 94?

*  Shares the same codebase that's used for the browser-based DevTools.
*  Supports themes that ship with Visual Studio Code.
*  Adds a **Helpful Links** section in the **Microsoft Edge Tools** sidebar, with buttons for **Documentation**, **Report a Bug**, and **Request a Feature**.

> *  Adds a **Close** button.

Author: @codepo8 - Is this referring to the **Close** (X) button on the **Edge DevTools** tab?

Author: Resolved; changed line to:
*  Adds a **Close instance** (`X`) button in the **Microsoft Edge Tools** > **Targets** pane, to close the browser that was opened by the extension.

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/search-console-icon.msft.png" alt-text="The 'Search for this message on the Web' button on an error message in the **Console**" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/search-console-icon.msft.png":::
   The **Search for this message on the Web** button on an error message in the **Console**
:::image-end:::

## DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code includes the latest tools, theme support, and helpful links

<!-- Title: Edge DevTools for VS Code now supports themes and uses the most recent codebase -->
<!-- Subtitle: The Edge DevTools extension for VS Code now uses the same version of the Developer Tools as your Microsoft Edge browser. We also added ways to learn more and for you to tell us what we could do better from within Visual Studio Code. -->

In this release of the Microsoft Edge DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code, we released the following updates or new features.
*  Shares the same codebase that's used for the browser-based DevTools. 
*  Supports themes that ship with Visual Studio Code.
*  The icon on the sidebar provides links to documentation and access to file bugs or request new features.  

> *  Includes a **Close** button.

Author: @codepo8 - where is the Close button?  I'm looking at the captures in the public docs and the Edge DevTools tab already has a Close button.

   The **Search Console Error** magnifying glass icon in the **Console** pane
:::image-end:::

When you select the magnifying glass icon, a new tab opens in the browser and shows search results for the error string.

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/search-console-new-tab.msft.png" alt-text="New tab that opened from the Search Console Error feature" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/search-console-new-tab.msft.png":::
   New tab that opened from the **Search Console Error** feature
:::image-end:::

For more information, navigate to [Experimental features: Search Console Error][ExpFeaturesSearchConsoleError].

<!-- 2 -->
<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code now with newest tools, theme support, and helpful links

<!-- Title: Edge DevTools for VS Code now supports themes and uses the newest codebase -->
<!-- Subtitle: The Edge DevTools extension for VS Code now uses the same version of the Developer Tools as your Microsoft Edge browser and we added ways to learn more and tell us what we could do better. -->

> The Microsoft Edge DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code now uses the newest available version of the tools and supports the themes that ship with Visual Studio Code.  The Extension sidebar now provides direct links to our documentation and to file bugs or propose enhancements.  We also added a **Close** button to DevTools, and added support for JavaScript Debugger connections on remote workspaces.

Reviewer 2: That's good, but I don't like the passive voice. Instead of "the following updates or new features were released." we should use "we released the following updates or new features."

> The Microsoft Edge DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code now uses the newest available version of the tools and supports the themes that ship with Visual Studio Code.  The Extension sidebar now provides direct links to our documentation and to file bugs or propose enhancements.  We also added a **Close** button to DevTools, and added support for JavaScript Debugger connections on remote workspaces.

Author: for the record: I'm Editing the Suggestion, then clicking **Add suggestion to batch** button in PR UI.

Screenshot 1: Dark theme.

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/devtools-extension-dark-theme.msft.png" alt-text="Dark theme" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/devtools-extension-dark-theme.msft.png":::

>    Dark theme

Reviewer 2: "The extension running inside VS code, matching the dark theme of Visual Studio Code"

:::image-end:::

> Screenshot 2: Light theme, Elements tool.

Reviewer 2: "The extension running inside VS code, matching the dark theme of Visual Studio Code"

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/devtools-extension-light-elements.msft.png" alt-text="Light theme, Elements tool" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/devtools-extension-light-elements.msft.png":::
   Light theme, Elements tool
:::image-end:::

Screenshot 3: Light theme.

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/devtools-extension-light-theme.msft.png" alt-text="Light theme" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/devtools-extension-light-theme.msft.png":::
   Light theme

> :::image-end:::

Reviewer 3: Agreed to delete the 2nd one.

> For more details about improvements and fixes, check the [changelog file][GithubMicrosoftVscodeEdgeDevtoolsChangelog] in the `vscode-edge-devtools` repo.  Get the [Microsoft Edge Developer Tools for Visual Studio Code extension][VisualstudioMarketplaceMsEdgedevtoolsVscodeEdgeDevtools].  Microsoft Visual Studio Code updates extensions automatically; to update this extension manually instead, navigate to [Update an extension manually][VisualstudioCodeDocsEditorExtensionGalleryUpdateExtensionManually].  You can file issues and contribute to the extension on the [vscode-edge-devtools GitHub repo][GithubMicrosoftVscodeEdgeDevtools].

Reviewer 2: As discussed in the meeting, we can shift that information to the docs and link to the docs instead.

<!-- 3 -->
<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Breakpoint icons are now displayed in Visual Studio Code themes

> <!-- Title: Breakpoint icons are now displayed when using DevTools themes from Visual Studio Code -->

Author: https://ahdictionary.com/word/search.html?q=display

<!-- 4 -->
<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Navigate to the More Tools button with the keyboard

<!-- Title: Use the arrow keys to quickly navigate to the + button and open more tools -->
<!-- Subtitle: Improved keyboard accessibility with the arrow keys in the main DevTools toolbar. -->

Previously, you couldn't navigate to the **More Tools** (+) button in DevTools by using the arrow keys in the keyboard when the toolbar had focus.  After the last tool in the toolbar, the arrow keys looped back to the first tool, or they expanded the **More tabs** menu.

Starting with Microsoft Edge version 93, the **More tabs** button and the **More Tools** button can be selected by using the arrow keys, when focus is on the toolbar.

:::image type="complex" source="../../media/2021/09/nav-to-more-tools-button-with-keyboard.msft.png" alt-text="Using the arrow keys to put focus on the **More tabs** or **More Tools** button" lightbox="../../media/2021/09/nav-to-more-tools-button-with-keyboard.msft.png":::
   Using the arrow keys to put focus on the **More tabs** or **More Tools** button

> :::image-end:::

Reviewer 3: I suggest deleting this image.

> To learn more about how to navigate the DevTools with the keyboard, navigate to [Microsoft Edge DevTools keyboard shortcuts][DevToolsKeyboardShortcuts].

Reviewer 3: Suggestion - move this sentence above the screenshot.
